docs: edits to enhance install.md file (#2441)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/install/install.md

   -n keptn-system --create-namespace --wait
```

> If you want to use Keptn to observe your deployments
> or to run pre- and/or post tasks and/or evaluations
> as part of lifecycle management,
> you must enable Keptn in your

Reviewer: I don't think we need this much detail. We can shorten it to:
```suggestion
If you want to use Keptn to observe your deployments
or to enhance them with lifecycle management
you must enable Keptn in your
```

* Use the `--version <version>` flag on the
  `helm upgrade --install` command to specify a different Keptn Helm chart version.

  To get the appropriate chart version for the Keptn version you want,
  use the following command:

  ```shell
  helm search repo keptn --versions
  ```
  
  You see that the "CHART VERSION" for `keptn/keptn` v0.9.0 is 0.3.0
  so use the following command to explicitly installs Keptn v0.9.0:

  ```shell
  helm upgrade --install keptn keptn/keptn \

>    --version version 0.3.0 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --version 0.3.0 \
```

* Use the `--version <version>` flag on the
  `helm upgrade --install` command to specify a different Keptn Helm chart version.

  To get the appropriate chart version for the Keptn version you want,
  use the following command sequence:

  ```shell

>   helm repo add keptn https://charts.lifecycle.keptn.sh

Reviewer: this line is not needed since it was in the initial install instructions

Author: And then we are relying on the user to think things through a bit.  This was also @bacherfl 's suggestion -- if you two agree, I'm good.

Reviewer 2: If a user reruns this line, nothing bad will happen so I would be fine with having it duplicated

Author: But if I want to install an older version (let's fast-forward to when v0.10.0 is the latest and I want to install v0.9.2), I actually need to get the chart version before I do my first `helm update...` command sequence.   I guess I could put prose before this, saying that they need to do the two `helm repo` commands show for installation before looking up he chart version but that seems more onerous than just putting those lines in the example.  But if you disagree, I'll remove them.

Author: I removed the lines

  helm repo update

>   helm search repo keptn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  helm search repo keptn --versions
```

  ```
  
  You see that the "CHART VERSION" for `keptn/keptn` v0.9.0 is 0.3.0
  so the following command sequence explicitly installs Keptn v0.9.0:

  ```shell
  helm repo add keptn https://charts.lifecycle.keptn.sh
  helm repo update
  helm upgrade --install keptn keptn/keptn \
   --version version 0.3.0 \
   -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait

>   ```

Reviewer: I don't think we need this example here. We already described how to use the `--version` flag above and also had the `repo add` and `repo update` commands above already

Author: This was @bacherfl 's suggestion.  See my remarks below about the --values option.  Maybe we should user-test this?

Reviewer 3: it depends on how much we want to go into detail here. I thought it might be helpful to provide an example command for using the `--version` flag, since that has been explicitly mentioned earlier, but then again we can also link to the helm docs where all the possible flags are explained in detail.

Reviewer: i'm fine with keeping the examples but I think we don't need the `repo add` and `repo update` commands again in all places

Reviewer 2: I agree, just a sentence before it we had it repeated. Since this builds on top of the previous list of commands, I think it is safe to just have here the upgrade command only

Author: Done

  The output shows all Keptn components that are running on your cluster.

## Keptn Helm configuration

The Keptn configuration is controlled by a set of `values.yaml` files,
summarized in the following table.
The `keptn/values.yaml` Helm chart is an umbrella chart
that calls the subcharts for all components.
Each component has its own `values.yaml` file
(documented in its own README file),
that defines configurations specific to that component.

All configuration changes for all components
are made to the `keptn/values.yaml` file.
This is discussed more in
[Modify Helm configuration options](#modify-helm-configuration-options)
below.

The following table summarizes the Keptn `values.yaml` files.

> * Click the name in the "Component" column
>   to view the README file that documents the Helm values
>   that can be set for that component
> * Click the string in the "Configuration file" column
>   to view the actual `values.yaml` file for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The "Component" column will lead you to the
  README files for each component where
  all Helm values are documented
* The "Configuration file" column will lead you to
  the Helm values files for each component
```

| [metrics-operator](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit-charts/blob/main/charts/keptn-metrics-operator/README.md)    | [Keptn metrics](../implementing/evaluatemetrics.md), [Analysis](../implementing/slo.md)                                   | [keptn-metrics-operator/values.yaml](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit-charts/blob/main/charts/keptn-metrics-operator/values.yaml) |
| [cert-manager](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit-charts/blob/main/charts/keptn-cert-manager/README.md)            | [TLS Certificate management for all Keptn components](../architecture/cert-manager)                                                                       | [keptn-cert-manager/values.yaml](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit-charts/blob/main/charts/keptn-cert-manager/values.yaml) |

## Customizing the configuration of components

To modify configuration of the subcomponents of Keptn,

> use the corresponding Helm values in your `keptn/values.yaml` file.

Reviewer: this always looks like a path. but we don't have that path anywhere really. i suggest not to use it
```suggestion
use the corresponding Helm values in your `values.yaml` file.
```

Use the subcomponent's parent value as the root for your configuration.

Here is an example `values.yaml` altering global and metrics operator values:

{{< docsembed path="content/en/docs/install/assets/values-advance-changes.yaml" >}}

Note the additional values that are specified
in the `metricsOperator` section.
These are documented in the README file for that operator,
which is linked from the `metrics-operator` item under "Component"
in the table above.
To implement this:

* Go into the `values.yaml` file linked under "Configuration file"
* Copy the lines for the values you want to modify

> * Paste those lines into the `keptn/values.yaml` file
>   and modify their values in that file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Paste those lines into your `values.yaml` file
  and modify their values in that file.
```

> ### Modify Helm configuration options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modify Helm values
```

> To modify Helm configuration options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify Helm values:
```

> 1. Download a copy of the `keptn/values.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download a copy of the Helm values file:
```

   ```shell
   helm show values keptn/keptn > values.yaml
   ```

1. Edit your local copy to modify some values

1. Add the following string

>    to your `helm upgrade` command line to install Keptn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to your `helm upgrade` command to install Keptn
```

   with your configuration changes:

   ```shell
   --values=values.yaml
   ```

   For example, if you create a `my.values.yaml`

>    and modified some configuration values,

Author: ```suggestion
   and modify some configuration values,
```

>    and modified some configuration values,

Reviewer: the tenses are weird here... not sure how to fix it the proper way though 😅

Author: You are right -- I made them both present tense.

   use the following command to apply your configuration:

   ```shell
   helm upgrade --install keptn keptn/keptn \
    --values my.values.yaml \

>     -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -n keptn-system --create-namespace --wait
```

   ```

   You can also use the `--set` flag
   to specify a value change for the `helm upgrade --install` command.

>    Configuration options are specified using the format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Helm values are specified using the format:
```

{{< docsembed path="content/en/docs/install/assets/values-advance-changes.yaml" >}}

> Note the additional parameters that are specified
> in the `metricsOperator` section.
> These are documented in the README file for that operator,
> which is linked from the `metrics-operator` item under "Component"
> in the table in
> [Control what components are installed](install/#control-what-components-are-installed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the additional values that are specified
in the `metricsOperator` section.
These are documented in the README file for that operator,
which is linked from the `metrics-operator` item under "Component"
in the table in
[Control what components are installed](install/#control-what-components-are-installed).
```

1. Edit your local copy to modify some values

> 1. To apply the modified configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To apply the modified configuration,
```

   install Keptn by adding the following string
   to your `helm upgrade` command line:

   ```shell
   --values=values.yaml
   ```

   For example, if you create a `my.values.yaml`
   and modified some configuration values,
   the command sequence to apply your configuration is:

   ```shell
   helm repo add keptn https://charts.lifecycle.keptn.sh
   helm repo update
   helm upgrade --install keptn keptn/keptn \
    --values my.values.yaml \
    -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait
   ```

   You can also use the `--set` flag
   to specify a value change for the `helm upgrade --install` command.
   Configuration options are specified using the format:

   ```shell
   --set key1=value1 \
   --set key2=value2 ...
   ```

## Control what components are installed

Keptn consists of multiple components,
each of which enables a specific use-case.
Each of the components is packaged into a subchart of Keptn
which has values that can be configured for that component

> in the umbrella `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: This is technically correct but I think it will puzzle readers. They just learned how to configure Keptn in the previous section and now we are telling them again how to do it, but we're introducing a new concept "the umbrella value.yaml".  I would not add these details here.

Author: Okay, need some rewriting.  What I am trying to explain is that the values for each component are in that component's values.yaml file and described in that component's README file but, if I want to modify the value of any of those parameters, I need to copy the appropriate parmeters into the umbrella values.yaml file.  I thought I had called it Keptn umbrella in the table but it isn't there now.  I think the implementation is confusing unless one is super-seeped in Kubernetes/Helm internals -- usually I have a config file and I just go into that file and modify the value of a parameter.  So how do we succinctly explain that for the values associated with sub-charts?

Maybe we need to spell out that they need need to copy the parameter lines they want to modify from the subchart values.yaml file into the umbrella values.yaml file and reset them there?

Author: See if this works.  I realized that we had a structural problem with the location of the table so moved that into its own section before the sections about modifying Helm values, then gave more explicit instructions about how to modify the configuration of the components.  See if this works.

1. Edit your local copy to modify some values

1. To apply the modified configuration.
   install Keptn by adding the following string

>    to your `helm upgrade` command line:

Reviewer: i don't think this additional text is needed since we only talk about modifying the config here anyways. so we don't need to emphasise again, that we want to modify the config

Author: done

   ```shell
   --values=values.yaml
   ```

   For example, if you create a `my.values.yaml`
   and modified some configuration values,
   the command sequence to apply your configuration is:

   ```shell
   helm repo add keptn https://charts.lifecycle.keptn.sh
   helm repo update
   helm upgrade --install keptn keptn/keptn \
    --values my.values.yaml \
    -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait

>    ```

Reviewer: I don't think we need this example here. We already say above that you just need to add the one flag to your already existing install command from above

Author: I don't feel strongly about this but @bacherfl thought it was a good idea and I do think that, for a lot of people, seeing the actual command (and being able to copy/paste it) enhances usability.  But if you and Flo agree, I'm good.

Reviewer: same here. example is fine, but i think we don't need to repeat repo add and repo update

Author: Done.

   You can also use the `--set` flag
   to specify a value change for the `helm upgrade --install` command.
   Configuration options are specified using the format:

   ```shell
   --set key1=value1 \
   --set key2=value2 ...
   ```

## Control what components are installed

Keptn consists of multiple components,
each of which enables a specific use-case.
Each of the components is packaged into a subchart of Keptn

> which has parameters that can be configured for that component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which has values that can be configured for that component
```

in the umbrella `values.yaml` file.

The following table summarizes the Keptn umbrella chart scheme;
click the name in the "Component" column

> to view the README file that documents the parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to view the README file that documents the Helm values
```

If you wish to use your custom certificate manager,
you can disable Keptn `cert-manager` by setting the

> `certificateManager.enabled` Helm value to `false`
> in your copy of the `keptn/values.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`certificateManager.enabled` Helm value to `false`:
```
